The minister was harmed by the fourth prince
Fortunately, His Highness the Thirteenth Prince saved him
this matter
I would like to invite Your Majesty to be my minister
Administer justice
Can the fourth child have this matter?
He lied and the second minister did nothing
The person who the fourth brother did yesterday has been caught by me
Don't give the teacher an explanation?
That's not possible.
That person clearly has a good day to hide
Please also ask the father emperor to call the shots for the ancient general
old four
You have disappointed me so much
Father Emperor
That's not what happened.
It's the two of them.
collude
Signal and God
Last night?
The two of them slept in the same bed
What teacher?
Do you know what you're saying?
left eye
And seen from young people
Wu Jiangjing
Enter the bottom of the thirteenth brother's house
Come out early in the morning